README.md, before:

# integration-adaptors-mappings-documentation

This repository contains the documentation required for assurance to explain how the [GP2GP Adaptor](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-gp2gp) and [Patient Switching Adaptor](https://github.com/NHSDigital/nia-patient-switching-standard-adaptor) map data resources for HL7 to FHIR and FHIR to HL7. These resources include the following...

* [Patient](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/patient)
* [Organisations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/organisations)
* [Practioners](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/practioners)
* [Encounters](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/encounters)
* [List](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/list)
* [Locations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/locations)
* [Observations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/observations)
* [Conditions](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/conditions)
* [Allergy Intolerances](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/allergy%20intolerances)
* [Immunisations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/immunisations)
* [Procedure Requests](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/procedure%20requests)
* [Medications](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/medications)
* [Medication Statements](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/medication%20statements)
* [Medication Requests](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/medication%20requests)
* [Referral Requests](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/referral%20requests)
* [Diagnostic Reports](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/diagnostic%20reports)
* [Document References](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/document%20references)

Commit message:

Improve the main README
- Link out to MiM / GP Connect docs
- Clean up main title
- Add table of contents subheading

README.md, after:

# GP2GP Sending and Receiving adaptor mappings

This repository contains documentation explaining how the [GP2GP Adaptor][gp2gp_adaptor] and [Patient Switching Adaptor][ps_adaptor] map data resources between [HL7 GP2GP representation][mim] to [FHIR GP Connect representation][gpconnect] and vice versa.

[gp2gp_adaptor]: https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-gp2gp
[ps_adaptor]: https://github.com/NHSDigital/nia-patient-switching-standard-adaptor
[mim]: https://data.developer.nhs.uk/dms/mim/4.2.00/Domains/GP2GP/Tabular%20View/RCMR_RM030000UK04.htm
[gpconnect]: https://developer.nhs.uk/apis/gpconnect-1-6-0/accessrecord_structured_development_migrate_patient_record.html


## Table of contents

* [Patient](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/patient)
* [Organisations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/organisations)
* [Practioners](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/practioners)
* [Encounters](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/encounters)
* [List](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/list)
* [Locations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/locations)
* [Observations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/observations)
* [Conditions](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/conditions)
* [Allergy Intolerances](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/allergy%20intolerances)
* [Immunisations](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/immunisations)
* [Procedure Requests](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/procedure%20requests)
* [Medications](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/medications)
* [Medication Statements](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/medication%20statements)
* [Medication Requests](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/medication%20requests)
* [Referral Requests](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/referral%20requests)
* [Diagnostic Reports](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/diagnostic%20reports)
* [Document References](https://github.com/NHSDigital/patient-switching-adaptors-mapping-documentation/tree/main/document%20references)
